c:\users\valen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Ode OS.dll
c:\users\valen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Ode OS.pdb
c:\users\valen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Debug.Kernel.dll
c:\users\valen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Cosmos.System.dll
c:\users\valen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Common.dll
c:\users\valen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Cosmos.HAL.dll
c:\users\valen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Core.dll
c:\users\valen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Cosmos.System.pdb
c:\users\valen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Debug.Kernel.pdb
c:\users\valen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Common.pdb
c:\users\valen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Cosmos.HAL.pdb
c:\users\valen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Core.pdb
c:\users\valen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\obj\x86\Debug\Ode OS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\valen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\obj\x86\Debug\Ode OS.dll
c:\users\valen\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\obj\x86\Debug\Ode OS.pdb
C:\Users\valen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Core.Memory.dll
C:\Users\valen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Core.Plugs.dll
C:\Users\valen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Cosmos.System.Plugs.dll
C:\Users\valen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Core.Memory.pdb
C:\Users\valen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Cosmos.Core.Plugs.pdb
C:\Users\valen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Cosmos.System.Plugs.pdb
C:\Users\valen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Ode_OS_SystemRing.dll
C:\Users\valen\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Ode OS\Ode OS\bin\Debug\Ode_OS_SystemRing.pdb
